“Find joy in each day!” -Saint Philip Neri
“From sun rise to shut eye, I love to celebrate life!” -unknown
“A day without laughter is a day wasted.” -Charlie Chaplin
“If you have good thoughts, they will shine out of your face like sunbeams, and you will always look lovely!” -Roald Dahl
“Those who do not want to imitate anything produce nothing.” -Salvador Dalí
“Why fit in when you were born to stand out!?” -Dr. Seuss
“It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves.” -William Shakespeare
“Good friends are like stars. You don’t always see them, but you know they’re always there!” -old saying
“Keep looking up… That’s the secret of life.” -Snoopy
“A ship is always safe at the shore, but that is not what it is built for.” -Albert Einstein
“How to be happy: decide every morning that you’re in a good mood!” -unknown
“Smile, it lets your teeth breathe!” -unknown
“Perseverance is stubbornness with a purpose.” -Josh Shipp
“Give every day the chance to be the most beautiful day in your life.” -Mark Twain
“Every artist was first an amateur.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“What you see depends not only on what you look at, but also, on where you look from.” -James Deacon
“Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about!” -Marilyn Monroe
“Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.” -Edgar Degas
“Don’t tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.” -Paul Brandt
“Don’t live every day as if it were your last. Live every day as if it were your first.” -Paulo Coehlo
“Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.” -Laozi
“If you truly love nature, you’ll find beauty everywhere.” -Van Gogh
“Just keep swimming.” -Dory
“Don’t cross the bridge until you come to it.” -proverb
“To laugh at yourself is to love yourself.” -Mickey Mouse
“The second star to the right, shines in the night for you, to tell you that the dreams you have really can come true.” -Peter Pan
“Praying for the friends and the strangers living in fear. Praying for happiness and love to spread, to penetrate so profoundly. Praying for peace.” -unknown
“Listen to the trees as they sway in the wind. Their leaves are telling secrets.” -Vera Nazarian
“This is la vie en rose.” (This is life in pink.) -Louis Armstrong
“Nature always wears the colours of the spirit.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“People who love to eat are always the best people.” -Julia Child
“It’s never too late in life to be what you might have been.” -George Eliot
“Butterflies are self-propelled flowers.” -R.H. Heinlein
“If you can dream it you can do it.” -Walt Disney
“I never get tired of the blue sky.” -Vincent Van Gogh
“In all things of nature, there is something of the marvelous.” -Aristotle
“A smile is happiness you’ll find right under your nose.” -Tom Wilson
“Being honest may not get you many friends, but it’ll always get you the right ones.” -John Lennon
“Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.” -Anne Frank
“Color! What a deep and mysterious language, the language of dreams.” -Paul Gauguin
“Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.” -Coco Chanel
“I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health.” -Voltaire
“Be so happy that when others look at you, they become happy too.” -unknown
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy – it’s all that matters.” -Audrey Hepburn
“Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.” -Omar Khayyam
“All the flowers of tomorrow are in the seeds of today.” -proverb
“Growth is never by mere chance; it is the result of forces working together.” -James Cash Penney
“First we eat, then we do everything else.” -Mary Frances Kennedy Fisher
“It’s kind of fun to do the impossible.” -Walt E. Disney
“Bliss is not a feeling but a state of being. In the state of bliss, everything is loved.” -Deepak Chopra
“And the tree was happy.” -Shel Silverstein
“Explore the crazy, embrace the wild.” -Lisa Messenger
“The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The next best time is today.” -proverb
“Just be yourself. There is no one better.” -Taylor Swift
“One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.” -William Feather
“Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure of being.” -Salvador Dalí
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” -Eleanor Roosevelt
“As soon as I saw you, I knew an adventure was going to happen.” -Winnie the Pooh
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’!” -Audrey Hepburn
“Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.” -E. E. Cummings
“There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.” -Vincent Van Gogh
“It’s the little things that make life wonderful.” -unknown
“There is no love sincerer than the love of food.” -George Bernard Shaw
“Being happy never goes out of style.” -Lilly Pulitzer
“Love yourself and love your body because it’s perfect the way it is. You don’t have to be someone else’s version of beautiful to be truly beautiful.” -Jessica Steele
“I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I just lived the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.” -Diane Ackerman
“Life should not only be lived, it should be celebrated.” -Osho
“A good life is a collection of happy moments.” -Denis Waitley
“If you are always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be.” -Maya Angelou
“May you be happy always.” -Honore de Balzac
“I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.” -Albert Einstein
“Water is the driving force of all nature.” -Leonardo da Vinci
“Running is about finding your inner peace, and so is a life well lived… Run with your heart.” -Dean Karnazes
“All that I am or hope to be, I owe to my mother.” -Abraham Lincoln
“The best is yet to be.” -Robert Browning
“There is an element of good fun in every job that must be done.” -Mary Poppins
“If you look the right way, you can see the whole world is a garden.” -Frances Hodgson Burnett
“The secret garden bloomed and bloomed and every morning revealed new miracles.” -Frances Hodgson Burnett
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” -Mother Teresa
“Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like…” -Mark Twain
“You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.” -Dr. Seuss
“Enjoy the little things in life… for one day you’ll look back and realize that they were big things.” -Robert Brault
“First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.” -Thomas Kempis
“A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water.” -Eleanor Roosevelt
“Though she be but little, she is fierce.” -William Shakespeare
“Look up to the sky. You’ll never find rainbows if you’re looking down.” -Charlie Chaplin
“Where flowers bloom, so does hope.” -Lady Bird Johnson
“Just catch the wind and go.” -Heather Maloney
“Earth laughs in flowers.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“There is no path to peace. Peace is the path.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“Life’s like a movie; write your own ending.” -Kermit the Frog
“Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do… but how much love we put in that action.” -Mother Teresa
“There’s not a word yet, for old friends who’ve just met.” -Jim Henson
“Love is the castle, doubt is the moat, desire is the paddle, and hope is the boat.” -Kellie Elmore
“Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.” -unknown
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.” -Mother Teresa
“For once you have tasted flight, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will long to return.” -Leonardo da Vinci
“Events bring you small joy, while existence brings you bliss.” -Sri Sri
“Happiness is chosen. Happiness is influence. Happiness is peace. Happiness is life.” -unknown
“The happiest people don’t have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything.” -unknown
“Friendship isn’t a big thing; it’s a million little things.” -anonymous
“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” -Dalai Lama
“Peace is retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.” -Wayne W. Dryer
“How sweet to be a cloud floating in the blue.” -A. A. Milne
“Patience allows life time to fall in place.” -An Iota of Truth
“If at first you don’t succeed, try eating pizza & forget your failures.” -unknown
“with whom I once enjoyed sweet fellowship at the house of God, as we walked about among the worshipers.” -Psalm 55:14
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” -Albert Einstein
“I’m standing tall.” -Walter Hawkins
“We know only too well that what we are doing is nothing more than a drop in the ocean, but if the drop were not there, the ocean would be missing something.” -Mother Teresa
“What makes the farmers market such a special place is that you’re actually creating community around food.” -Bryant Terry
“A strong friendship doesn’t need daily conversation, doesn’t always need togetherness, as long as the relationship lives in the heart, true friends will never part.” -Minnie and Mickey Mouse
“The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.” -Napoleon Bonaparte
“Life doesn’t come with an instruction book. That’s why we have fathers.” -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” -Neale Donald Walsch
“A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.” -Wade Boggs
“I have made mistakes, but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I never made one.” -James Gordon Bennett
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” -Michael Althsuler
“You can’t buy happiness but you can buy a lift pass.” -unknown
“Joy in looking and comprehending is nature’s most beautiful gift.” -Albert Einstein
“Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.” -Salvador Dali
“Thank you for being.” -Seneca greeting
“Wisdom is not obvious. You must see the subtle and notice the hidden to be victorious.” -Sun Tzu
“No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.” -Aesop
“You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true.” -Richard Bach
“Don’t find a fault, find a remedy.” -Henry Ford
“Life is an adventure! So live it up!” -L.M. Preston
“To travel is to live.” -Hans Christian Andersen
“Sometimes the heart knows things the mind could never explain.” -Ranjeet
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” -Steve Martin
“The earth has its music for those who will listen.” -George Santayana
“Just living is not enough… One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.” -Hans Christine Andersen
“A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.” -Maya Angelou
“I haven’t been everywhere, but it’s on my list.” -Susan Sontag
“In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.” -Deepak Chopra
“Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises.” -Pedro Calderon de la Barca
“A good example is like a bell that calls many to church.” -proverb
“You cannot receive beauty, but with a serene mind.” -Henry David Thoreau
“In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life: it goes on.” -Robert Frost
“The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious to the rose.” -Kahlil Gibran
“We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.” -Goethe
“What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.” -Joseph Addison
“You know someone is very special to you when days just don’t seem right without them.” -John Cena
“In time, lies bring turmoil, where honesty brings peace.” -Wes Fesler
“We shall find peace. We shall hear angels. We shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.” -Anton Chekhov
“Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome.” -unknown
“We’re all working together; that’s the secret.” -Sam Walton
“Peace begins with a smile.” -Mother Teresa
“Beauty is being the best possible version of yourself, inside and out.” -Audrey Hepburn
“Learning never exhausts the mind.” -Leonardo da Vinci
“There’s power in looking silly and not caring that you do.” -Amy Poehler
“How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?” -Satchel Paige
“It’s an exciting new adventure. I’m looking forward to opening a new chapter in my life.” -Jane Duffield
“Today is the start of a new adventure. New challenges to face, new memories to make, and new obstacles to overcome.” -Nishan Panwar
“Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.” -unknown
“I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time.” -Winnie the pooh
“Stay rooted in your inner island of serenity, don’t give power to external things.” -François
“When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger. What hurts you today makes you stronger tomorrow.” -Edwin Mamerto
“Protect what you love.” -unknown
“Have big dreams. You will grow into them.” -unknown
“Is that what a dinosaur would do?” -Joey Tribbiani
“Be always blooming.” -unknown
“You’re never too old to do goofy stuff.” -Ward Cleaver
“Peace. It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work. It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart.”
“All things are possible to those who believe.” Mark 9:23
“Be in love with your life, every minute of it.” -Jack Kerouac
“When you’re happy, you find pure joy in your life. There are no regrets in this state of happiness – and that’s a goal worth striving for in all areas of your life.” -Suze Orman
“Faith. It does not make things easy. It makes them possible.” Luke 1:37
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Nobody can make you happy until you’re happy with yourself first.” -unknown
“Work to become, not to acquire.” -Elbert Hubbard
“…be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.” Joshua 1:9
“Stay positive. Stay fighting. Stay brave. Stay ambitious. Stay focused. Stay strong.” -unknown
“Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly…” -proverb
“When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger. What hurts you today makes you stronger tomorrow.” -Edwin Mamerto
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass. It’s about learning how to dance in the rain.” -Vivian Greene
“In between goals there is a thing called life that needs to be lived and enjoyed.” -Sid Caesar
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” -William James
“Every second brings a fresh beginning, every hour holds a new promise, every night our dreams can bring hope, and every day is what you choose to make it.” -unknown
“I believe in kindness… Also in mischief.” -Mary Oliver
“A good friend is a connection to life – a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.” -Lois Wyse
“…’cause every little thing is gonna be all right.” -Bob Marley
“Tomorrow we will do beautiful things.” -Antoni Gaudi
“Learning how to love the little things in life is called learning how to be happy.” -Marinela Reka
“It’s nice to be important, but it’s important to be nice.” -Kermit the Frog
“It’s not what you look at that matters. It is what you see.” -Henry David Thoreau
“The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of his hands.” Psalm 19:1
“Don’t forget: beautiful sunsets need cloudy skies.” -Paulo Coelho
“With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.” -Eleanor Roosevelt
“A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive.” -Pearl Bailey
“May I never miss a sunset or a rainbow because I am looking down.” -Sara June Parker
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.” -Hermann Hesse
“Beach: a place of relaxation, rest, and tranquility.” -unknown
“We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives.” -John F. Kennedy
“Peace is always beautiful.” -Walt Whitman
“I’m just very amused by five-year-old humor.” -Kesha
“Be still, and know that I am God! I am exalted among the nations, I am exalted in the earth.” -Psalm 46:10
“I’ve seen better days, but I’ve also seen worse. I don’t have everything that I want, but I do have all I need. I woke up with some aches and pains, but I woke up. My life may not be perfect, but I am blessed.” -Lessons Learned in Life
“Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light.” -Theodore Roethke
“If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you.” -James 1:5
“Do not go where the path may lead, instead go where there is no path and leave a trail.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.” -William Arthur Ward
“You have to be unique and different and shine in your own way.” -Lady Gaga
“I’ve learned it’s important not to limit yourself. You can do whatever you really love to do, no matter what it is.” -Ryan Gosling
“Make yourself proud.” -Peter W. Smith
“Beauty is about enhancing what you have. Let yourself shine through.” -Janelle Monae
“You have to find what sparks a light in you so that you in your own way can illuminate the world.” -Oprah Winfrey
“Discovery consists not in seeking new lands but in seeing with new eyes.” -Marcel Proust
“Life is 10% of what happens to you, and 90% of how you react to it.” -Charles R. Swindoll
“Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable… But I still want one.” -Tin Man
“I have plenty to look forward to, I’m sure.” -Miranda Otto
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It is the life in your years.” -Abraham Lincoln
“San Francisco itself is art… every block is a short story, every hill a novel, every home a poem, every dweller within immortal.” -William Saroyan
“Don’t let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace.” -Dalai Lama
“Ask not what you can do for your country… Ask what’s for lunch.” -Orson Welles
“Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.” -Bob Marley
“She is always a novelty; for she is never the Chicago you saw when you passed through the last time.” -Mark Twain
“The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.” -Marcus Aurelius
“Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.” -Maya Angelou
“Architecture in general is frozen music.” -Friedrich von Schelling
“You attract the energy that you give off. Spread good vibes. Think positive. Enjoy life.” -unknown
“How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then rest afterward.” -unknown
“What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.” -Aristotle
“Life is a journey. Enjoy the ride.” -unknown
“Don’t quit before the miracle happens.” -unknown
“Home is where your heart is.” -unknown
“Look up, get up, and don’t ever give up.” -Michael Irvin
“What I am looking for is not ‘out there.’ It is in me.” -Helen Keller
“Life is short. Time is fast. No replay. No rewind. So enjoy every moment as it comes.” -unknown
“Symmetry is what we see at a glance.” -Blaise Pascal
“Being different simply means you have something unique to offer the world.” -Scarlett Vespa
“Colors are the smiles of nature.” -James Henry Leigh Hunt
“Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece.” -Steve Maraboli
“Perspective is the way we see things when we look at them from a certain distance and it allows us to appreciate their true value.” -Rafael E. Pino
“Blue skies smiling at me. Nothing but blue skies do I see.” -Irving Berlin
“Somewhere something incredible is waiting to be known.” -Carl Sagan
“Collect things that you love, that are authentic to you, and your house becomes your story.” -Erin Flett
“And where she stood, she stood tall.” -The Lumineers
“Your spark can become a flame and change everything.” -E.D. Nixon
“It is our choices that show us who we truly are far more than our abilities.” -Albus Dumbledore
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” -Confucius
“Dream big, work hard, and don’t be an asshole.” -Mike Shinoda
“Dear great pumpkin, I am looking forward to your arrival on Halloween night.” -Charlie Brown
“Sunsets are proof that no matter what happens, every day can end beautifully.” -Kristin Butler
“All theory, dear friend, is gray, but the golden tree of life springs ever green.” -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“It’s a pirate’s life for me, savvy.” -Pirates of the Caribbean
“Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes… including you.” -Anne Lamott
“It’s not the sentiments of men which make history, but their actions.” -Norman Mailer
“Everything in life is vibration.” -Albert Einstein
“Drive [life] like it’s too good to be true.” -unknown
“Peace is a journey of a thousand miles, and it must be taken one step at a time.” -Lyndon B. Johnson
“I wonder how many people I’ve looked at all my life and never seen.” -John Steinbeck
“Blue has no dimensions. It is beyond dimensions.” -Yves Klein
“Truly happy memories always live on, shining. Over time, one by one, they come back to life.” -Banana Yoshimoti
“You can only come to the morning through the shadows.” J.J.R. Tolkien
“I’ll look back at this and smile because it was life, and I decided to enjoy it.” -unknown
“If you can dance and be free and not be embarrassed, you can rule the world.” -Amy Poehler
“I like to be a free spirit. Some don’t like that, but that’s the way I am.” -Princess Diana
“A party without cake is just a meeting.” -Julia Child
“The best part about pictures is that even when the people in the photo change, the memory it contains never will.” -unknown
“It’s weird that the greatest moments of clarity occur during moments of such confusion and stress.” -Nishan Panwar
“Layer by layer, art strips life bare.” -Robert Musil
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.” Oscar Wilde
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can do that, you can make anything happen.” -Goethe
“Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it.” -Roald Dahl
“Think and wonder. Wonder and think.” -Dr. Seuss
“The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.” -Aldous Huxley
“It is not necessary for the public to know whether I am joking or whether I am serious, just as it is not necessary for me to know myself.” -Salvador Dalí
“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.” -James Baldwin
“If only faces could talk…” -Pat Summerall
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” -Milton Berle
“Christmas, children, is not a date. It’s a state of mind.” -Mary Ellen Chase
“Explore. Dream. Discover.” -Mark Twain
“Pizza is a circle. Pizza is my life. Pizza is the circle of life.” -Ed Sheeran
“There are two ways of spreading light, to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.” -Edith Wharton
“The holiday season is a perfect time to reflect on our blessings and seek out ways to make life better for those around us.” -Terri Marshall
“It’s all about finding the calm in the chaos.” -Donna Karan
“What is a mom but the sunshine of our days and the North Star of our nights.” -Robert Brault
“You don’t have to be famous. You just have to make your mother and father proud of you.” -Meryl Streep
“The first fall of snow is not only an event, it’s a magical event.” -J.B. Priestley
“Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.” -Walt Whitman
“Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it’s Christmas.” -Dale Evans
“When snow falls, nature listens.” -Antoinette van Kleeff
“Maybe Christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. Maybe Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.” -The Grinch
“You can change the entire mood with lighting.” -Karen Cobb
“Kindness is like snow–it beautifies everything it covers.” -Kahlil Gibran
“Live now, believe me, wait not till tomorrow; gather the roses of life today.” -Pierre de Ronsard
“I shall call him squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my squishy.” -Finding Nemo
“I hope the snow covers everything so all footsteps are silenced, and the whole city can be at peace.” -Brian Selznick
“Friendship is when people know all about you but love you anyway.” -anonymous
“Those who do not believe in magic will never find it.” -Roald Dahl
“Learn character from trees, values from roots, and change from leaves.” -Tasneem Hameed
“Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.” -Richard Bach
“You have to dream before your dreams can come true.” -A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
“What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.” -John Steinbeck
“To the world, you may be one person; but to one person, you may be the world.” -Dr. Seuss
“He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.” -Roy L. Smith
“People create these extravagant habitats because they have vision, love of beauty, hopes and dreams.” -Anne Rice
“To be awake is to be alive.” -Henry David Thoreau
“All the other colors are just colors, but purple seems to have a soul. When you look at it, it’s looking back at you.” -Uniek Swain
“The best of all gifts around any Christmas tree: the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other.” -Burton Hillis
“Love is a strange feeling where you lose control of yourself and yet feel blissful about it.” -Apoorve Dubey
“Make subtlety obvious.” -Billy Wilder
“A mother’s love for her child is like nothing else in the world. It knows no laws, no pity, it dares all things and crushes down remorselessly all that stands in its path.” -Agatha Christie
“Keep your face always towards the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you.” -Walt Whitman
“I like it. What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooood!” -Joey Tribbiani
“I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.” -Mikhail Baryshnikov
“If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking.” -Steve Jobs
“Island living means having a front row seat of nature’s performance.” -A. Merhing
“The way you treat yourself sets the standards for others.” -Sonya Friedman
“Colour creates, enhances, changes, reveals and establishes the mood of the painting.” -Kiff Holland
“If we are facing the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.” -zen proverb
“When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly, and unquestionably.” -Walt Disney
“We sometimes underestimate the influence of little things.” -Charles W. Chesnutt
“The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.” -Salvador Dalí
“The world is a book and if you do not travel, you read only one page.” -St. Augustine
“You do not exist to please someone else… you exist for your own sake.” -Hank Green
“Can’t you see that it’s just rainin’; ain’t no need to go outside.” -Jack Johnson
“It’s impossible, said pride. It’s risky, said experience. It’s pointless, said reason. Give it a try, whispered the heart.” -unknown
“No, you don’t have to wear your best fake smile.” – James Bay
“Snowflakes are one of nature’s most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.” -Vista M. Kelly
“Give the ones you love wings to fly, roots to come back, and reasons to stay.” -Dalai Lama
“Because when you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing.” -Dr.Seuss
“There are always flowers for those who want to see them.” -Henri Matisse
“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.” -Oprah Winfrey
“Sometimes a change of perspective is all it takes to see the light.” -Dan Brown
“There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy.” -Ralph H. Blum
“If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water.” -Loren Eiseley
“The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.” -Marcus Aurelius
“The Earth is what we all have in common.” -Wendell Berry
“No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.” -zen saying
“Smile. It’s free therapy.” -Douglas Horton
“Oh, yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.” -Rafiki
“The best leaders blend courage with compassion.” – Robin Sharma
“You were right about the stars; each one is a setting sun.” -Wilco
“A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.” -St. Francis of Assisi
“If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.” -Dr. Wayne Dyer
“Trust yourself. Then you will know how to live.” -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“It’s easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.” -Henry Ward Beecher
“The optimism of an endless horizon and blue skies ahead.” -Michael Kors
“You are elegance and freedom, and everything I know.” -MAGIC!
“Life is a play. It’s not its length, but its performance that counts.” -Seneca
“Home is the nicest word there is.” -Laura Ingalls Wilder
“I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.” -Rumi
“The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.” -Linus Pauling
“There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.” -Conrad Hall
“She’s a dreamer, a doer, a thinker. She sees possibility everywhere.” -unknown
“Wake up with a smile and go after life.” -Joe Knapp
“All glory comes from daring to begin.” -Eugene F. Ware
“People will stare. Make it worth their while.” -Harry Winston
“There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.” -Zig Ziglar
“A heart that loves is always young.” -Greek proverb
“A dreamlike reality always looks like a real dream.” -Mehmet Murat ildan
“I don’t have any tan lines because I sunbathe in the nude.” -Robin Bielman
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.” -Dr. Seuss
“Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it don’t matter.” -Satchel Paige
“Explore. Dream. Discover.” -Mark Twain
“Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.” -Ogden Nash
“Be the type of person you want to meet.” -unknown
“You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.” -C.S. Lewis
“Meu momento é aqui, meu caminho é feliz.” (My time is here, my way is happy.) -fabilu
“Do not wait until the conditions are perfect to begin. Beginning makes the conditions perfect.” -unknown
“Adventure is worthwhile.” -Aristotle
“The color of springtime is in the flowers; the color of winter is in the imagination.” -Terri Guillemets
“If people sat outside and looked at the stars [or sunrise] each night [or every morning], I’ll bet they’d live life a lot differently.” -Bill Watterson